Include autodiscovery metrics in Telemetry Collection (#38043)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_security/agent.md

| agent_bsod                                  | Agent-related Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) data, including the BugCheck code, four associated arguments, and the unsymbolized crashing call stack |
| **Service Discovery**                       |                                                                                                                        |
| service_discovery.discovered_services       | Number of services detected by the Agent's Service Discovery feature                                                   |

> | autodiscovery.discovery_queue_depth         | Number of services actively in the Agent's integration discovery workqueue                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| autodiscovery.discovery_queue_depth         | Number of services currently in the Agent's integration discovery queue                                             |
```

> | autodiscovery.discovery_results             | Result of the Agent's integration discovery mechanism for candidate services                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| autodiscovery.discovery_results             | Count of the Agent's integration discovery attempts, tagged by result (success or failure)                                           |
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion as "Result" is vague — nearby entries that report tagged outcomes follow a "Count of X, tagged by Y (value1 or value2)" pattern (such as line 171). 

Feel free to modify this suggestion if it introduces any inaccuracies.

| agent_bsod                                  | Agent-related Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) data, including the BugCheck code, four associated arguments, and the unsymbolized crashing call stack |
| **Service Discovery**                       |                                                                                                                        |
| service_discovery.discovered_services       | Number of services detected by the Agent's Service Discovery feature                                                   |

> | **Auto Discovery**                          |                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Autodiscovery**                          |                                                                                                                        |
```

Reviewer: Per the glossary:
https://docs.datadoghq.com/glossary/#autodiscovery

Author: Thanks for the recommendation!
